# health_guard_thyrocare
Machine biology at advanced levels is applied in the health sector. It has to have data collection for the prediction of medical diseases. 
For screening in the initial stages of the disease, all sorts of intelligent prediction indices are employed. The Medical Information System works well with data sets as intelligent systems in diagnosing diseases do not exist for the fast approach. Finally, in the formation of the prediction model, machine learning algorithms take up the strategic position of solving difficult, and non-readily analytically soluble problems. The diagnosis and prediction of new diseases is obtained mostly from thyroid disorders, and medical science is a rather sophisticated saying. 
Thyroid gland is among the most significant glands in the body through which various activities take place. Metabolism is the controlled by thyroid hormone secretions. 
This paper focuses on the use of machine learning in the disease prediction, and the different study and classification models for thyroid diseases using the hospital data sets. A good knowledge base has to be created, developed and used as a combined model to solve such dynamic learning issues as medical diagnosis and prediction. While the basic parametric ML strategies are used to recognize and neutralize thyroid, the more advanced non-parametric strategies are used to enhance the model’s function. 
The SVM presents the overall probability of a thyroid patient with some approximation. If the patient himself or herself is vulnerable for getting thyroid disease the advice given are home remedies for the thyroid, precaution against thyroid disease and medicine.
